NARRATOR:
Previously on Continuum...
Police! Freeze!
KIERA: My suit is damaged.
What did you do to it?
CARLOS: Let’s make a pact...
No more secrets
from each other,
100% honesty.
What do you think?
Sometimes you have
to do the wrong thing
for the right reason...
The piece of
the time travel device
is missing.
Kellog...
The revolution starts here.
This just got
a lot more complicated.
In the current
round of testing,
we are focusing on ways
to use light spectra
to neutralize aggressive
behavior in criminals.
MAN: How far advanced
is the product?
Advanced.
We found soldiers to be
the ideal test subjects
due to their elevated
levels of aggression.
And since they're
indentured to SadTech
for 20 years of service,
we have many eager
volunteers.
Show them
how it works.
(ELECTRONIC BEEPING)
(GRUNTS)
No freaking way.
Arghl
Hold yourfire.
Now you can fire.
Just kidding.
Every tiger can be instantly
tamed or made to attack.
All that's required
is to identify
and then stimulate
the corresponding neurons.
By stimulating the brain
with repetitive patterns
and vibrations,
we have found that
you can actually control
a person's state of mind
and implant
specific thoughts.
Observe.
Stand on one leg.
(GRUNTING)
Stay back!
(ELECTRICITY CRACKLING)
(STAMMERING) We still have
a few kinks to work out.
But I can assure you
this will be as safe
as a baby lamb.
(APPLAUSE)
(MEN TALKING INDISTINCTIVELY)
MAN 1: Go, go, go!
MAN 2: What are you doing?
Stop, man!
MAN 3: Shoot him, man,
shoot him!
MAN 4:
What are you doing?
MAN 2: Come on, man.
MAN 5: Hey,
what are you doing?
Greg Moritz!
MAN 5: Hold up,
hold up, wait!
Are you nuts?
What are you doing out here
without eye protection?
Sorry.
No!
MAN 3:
What the hell, man?
MAN 4: Go, go, go!
Mmm...
Okay, I'm here.
What was so urgent
it couldn't wait?
I made you
some breakfast.
What do you want, Matthew?
Okay, I've been
thinking about...
About you,
about you and me.
There is no
you and me.
Yet, here you are.
So...
I thought
maybe you called
because you wanted to
return something you stole.
Your heart?
The segment from
the time travel device
that brought us here.
I have no idea what
you're talking about.
Hmm, I'm sure.
Now, let's just say
I did take it.
Why would you
want it?
It's just a useless
piece ofjunk that
won't work by itself.
Why don't you let me
worry about whether
it works or not.
Oh, I see.
It's like a promise, right?
Like a small piece
of metallic hope.
Don't lie to yourself,
Kiera.
Even ifyou figured out
a way to get home,
who's to say
it's gonna be the same
as the one you left?
You don't know that.
Maybe you took it
because you don't
want me to leave.
Well, now that does
sound like something
that I would do.
Hmm. Okay, enough.
Ifyou're not gonna
give it to me then
what am I doing here?
Well, I wanted to see you,
spend some time.
The only time
I wanna spend
with you
is when you get me
information to help
stop your former comrades.
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Oh!
CARLOS: Hey, Dillon
wanted you to see this.
This may not be gang-related,
but it definitely falls
into the interesting
case category.
The shooter walks
right into a corporate
paintball game,
murders the CEO
and then shoots himself.
What are they
covered with?
Paint. Paintball?
Companies wanna
promote team building
so they run around
with guns and shoot
each other with paint,
blow off a little steam...
You've never played
paintball before?
I completed
several hundred hours of
simulated combat training.
Well, you should try
paintball some time,
it's fun.
Maybe not.
Hey John, we got it
from here, thanks.
This is Mr. Copeland,
he's one of our witnesses.
Can you tell us
what happened?
Hejust walked up
to Greg and shot.
He wasn't part
of your group?
I've been with the company
since we started, I've never
seen him before.
What kind of company?
Tech,
visual effects software.
Can you think of anyone
that might've wanted
to harm Greg?
No, he was
a really good guy.
Who would do
something like this?
I've got buyers lined up
from Frankfurt to Dubai,
so either he wires
the money by day's end
or I'm cutting him loose.
Cole Bartley?
Miss, get away
from the edge.
(SCREAMING)
Whoa!
KIERA: 2077.
My time, my city,
my family.
When terrorists killed
thousands of innocents,
they were condemned to die.
They had other plans.
(EXPLOSION)
A time-travel device
sent us all back 65 years.
/ want to get home,
but / can’t be sure
what / will return to
if history is changed.
Their plan, to corrupt
and control the present
in order to
win the future.
What they didn't
plan on was me.
Mark McGwinn, 25...
Yup, he lived alone,
he worked as a beta tester
for a company called
Tendyne Systems.
Got no priors,
clean record.
No indication that
he was gonna wake up
today and murder someone.
Carlos! I've got another
unusual murder-suicide.
Female assailant
at the light rail station
in False Creek,
pulled the victim with her
in front of the express train.
First responders ID'd
her as Yvonne Ducelle,
22, from the driver's
license in her wallet.
Apparently, her face was
pretty much unrecognizable.
She also worked
as a beta tester
at Tendyne Systems.
Same as McGwinn.
What kind of company
is Tendyne?
It specializes in
massively multi-player
first-person shooters
and real-time
combat simulations.
Start-up in '03, made
the SV15O index in '07,
double-digit growth
ever since.
The CEO Gabrielle Cosgrove
is one of my heroes.
Well, I highly doubt that
this was a coincidence.
I mean,
two beta testers at the same
company going off the rails
on the same day?
So to speak.
You think maybe it was
a lover's suicide pact?
I think there's only
one way to find out.
So you're going
to Tendyne?
I could come with,
I kinda know about
these sorta things.
It's okay, I think if,
uh, we need your help
we can...
Actually, lthink
it's a great idea.
Great!
I'll grab my stuff.
Team building.
No paint required.
Okay... I got my
tautic circuitries intact,
processors on board are
linked to my computer...
All I gotta do is
transfer the control
to my auxiliary panels
and we should be online
a week ahead of schedule.
Presto.
Presto?
Damn it.
What am I not
getting about you?
Mark and Yvonne
were both beta testers.
I didn't know them well
but they both
were hard workers,
conscientious...
I have, um,
grief counselors coming in
to help where they can.
Did Mark and Yvonne
know each other?
I don't know.
But I can have HR send you
what information we have
on them.
And of course,
feel free to talk
to my employees.
Fred!
Fred Nettinger is
our lead programmer.
Fred is... Was, um,
Mark and Yvonne's
direct supervisor.
Mark and Yvonne
were working on
our newest product.
A game?
Notjust a game,
the next generation
of gaming.
The perfect balance
of RPG and SLG elements.
Was it violent?
The game had nothing
to do with what happened.
I have over a dozen
beta testers working on it,
no one else
has had a reaction.
Not yet, anyway.
We need to see Mark
and Yvonne's desks.
(SCOFFS)
They were beta testers.
They worked from home,
they don't have
regular desks.
Yeah, they'd come
in here periodically,
but it was always
in a group setting.
Is there other employees
that we can talk to, then?
Yeah, of course.
kene?
Irene works
as a module designer
in our GWAP division.
Games with
another purpose.
I'm wondering if you could,
uh, tells us anything
about Mark and Yvonne.
I didn't know 'em
very well. Sorry.
Look, anything can help,
even ifyou don't think
it's important.
Were they friends,
enemies, uh, possibly
seeing each other?
No, I doubt it.
Mark was into younger chicks
and Yvonne was a furry.
Liked to dress up
as animals.
Charming.
CARLOS: Okay.
Look, here's my card.
You call if
there's anything else
that you can think of.
You seem anxious,
Mr. Nettinger.
I just lost two testers,
I have a right to be.
Mr. Nettinger, um, Fred?
Maybe you could show us
this next generation game
you were talking about.
Of course.
Follow me.
He's hiding something.
Uh-huh.
Look, buy me some time,
I'm gonna take a look around,
talk to a few
other people.
Sure.
You know, beta testers
can be real losers,
bottom feeders.
Not like programmers.
Programmers are of
the highest echelon.
And here we are.
Hmm, good call, Betty.
Wow, it's like
virtual LARPing.
Live action role-playing.
We prefer calling it
cyber-LARPing.
Yeah, it responds
to your own cerebral
evoked potentials.
You see, it feeds
an impulse beam
into your retinas,
which then bounces off
the back of the amyg...
Maybe we should just
get a demonstration.
Yeah.
Zack,uh,
run simulation 429.
I still haven't
figured out that glitch.
No,Wsﬁne
wrademo.
Do it.
Okay, now make sure
those visors are down,
pull that trigger to fire,
and playing will
teach you the rest.
Mine actually feels
cold in my hands.
Oh! Tangos! Game on.
Kiera?
What's going on,
are you okay?
I told you we shouldn't
have let them in here.
This is not our fault.
Are you all right, Agent?
Yeah, I'm okay.
Ijust... Ijust... Air.
Air. Ijust need air.
Alec?
Alec, can you hear me?
I've got nothing,
all my systems
are down. Alec?
Oh, God!
What the hell?
Kiera?
Kiera, are you...
(PHONE RINGING)
Alec, Itried
calling your cell.
Kiera, what happened?
All my monitors are down.
I can't get through
to you on your CMR.
I know. Iwas
playing a virtual
reality simulation.
What kind of simulation?
lmmersive.
I had on a helmet, um...
There was a jolt of pain
in my head,
and my vision blurred.
Are you okay?
Yeah, thanks.
Um... Can you tell me
what happened?
Uh... Something must've
shorted out your CMR,
maybe there was
some interference with
the interactive circuits
on the VR helmet.
I may need to reboot you.
How?
I'm not sure, let me see
what I can do from this end.
Thank you.
(WHIRRING)
Thanks. Okay,
I'll call you back.
So, the ME said
both suicide killers had
amphetamines in their system.
Okay, interesting.
How'd they get there?
They were both gamers.
I saw cans of Torsion
at Tendyne,
it's popular with
the set who go online
and play games all night.
There have been a lot
of media reports lately
about 20 year olds
with severe heart issues,
because it's worse
than crack and it's legal.
So, consumed in
large enough quantities,
it can cause psychosis?
If you believe the reports,
it can cause hallucinations,
paranoia, delusions...
So delusional they could
become psychotic?
Amphetamines,
violent video games...
It could be
a pretty potent mix.
Okay, Kiera,
you wanted information
about the gang?
You are about to get it.
Ha! Good old Lucas.
He always did have
a thing for pugilists.
Here.
Keep it running, okay?
(MURMURING)
(BELL RINGING)
Kellog!
How'd you find me?
Oh, it's not like that.
I come here all the time,
I didn't know you came here.
I don't believe you.
Seriously,
Ijust like this place.
I guess I'm gonna have
to find another place.
Kellog, come on, man.
Now that you're here,
have a drink. My treat.
What do you want?
Jack and Coke.
Excuse me?
Jack and Coke and
a scotch on the rocks.
Make 'em doubles, please.
Thank you.
(PHONE RINGING)
(CLEARS THROAT)
So I got an update.
I hacked into your CMR
and I found a system
restore mode.
The good news is that
it gave me an idea about
how to activate your suit.
What's the bad news?
There's still a lot
of encrypted files and
firewalls up the yin yang.
I should be able hack it
but I'm gonna need to meet you
and reboot you physically.
Okay, uh, can we do it
at my apartment?
Yeah, that'd be
a lot better than
you coming here
and having to explain
to my mom and Roland
who you are.
Actually,
that might be kinda fun.
Oh, Alec,
just figure it out, please.
Yeah, sure.
Thank you.
You betcha.
If I were me,
and wanted to
hide something,
I'd have
a contingency route...
Wow, that was
surprisingly easy.
Okay, password.
Password, uh...
I should know the password,
I designed the thing.
Of course!
(BEEPS)
Uh-oh...
No way!
Man, Iforgot
how much you drink.
(CHUCKLES)
You know,
I miss having you around.
All the others
are so serious.
Not me.
Not you.
I envy how you embrace
living in 2012.
Hey!
It's an exciting
time to be alive.
And it's about to
get more exciting.
Yeah?
Kagame has got us
working on something
that's gonna be
a total game changer.
Yeah?
We can,
we will, rewrite history.
Well, what is it?
I've said
too much already!
Yeah, what the hell, man.
It's nice just to be here
throwin' back a few
with an old friend.
Oh!
(PHONE RINGING)
Shh.
Hello?
I'll see you
there tonight.
I was never here.
Hey, man...
(CHEERING)
(BELL RINGS)
Your secret's
safe with me.
Let's get outta here.
Take care of
yourself, man.
Yeah, man.
See you around, eh?
All right, my man.
Follow that cab.
Oh, there's no texts,
emails or calls
between Yvonne and Mark.
There's no connection
between either of them
or the victims.
You got anything?
Nothing aside from
intercompany emails
that they were both CC'd on,
at least not in the last
four weeks, anyway.
The product was supposed
to have been destroyed
after the FDA
pulled it
from the shelves.
Supposed to have been?
Yeah, there's an underground
market for gamers who are
hooked on it.
Stories of stockpiles
hoarded away,
stashes in people's garages
you could only purchase
if you had
a contact...
Betty.
I called some friends
in the hacker world
who live on the stuff.
Legend has it
the remaining inventory
was secretly bought up
by someone.
Gabrielle Cosgrove.
Looks like we're
gonna have to talk
to Ms. Cosgrove again.
Okay, Betty, I know
she's your hero, but...
I know. I'll get
all the dirt on her
that I can.
CARLOS:
Thank you, Betty.
Good work, Mr. Nettinger.
Well I must admit,
I wasn't sure my program
would yield such
powerful results.
Butwhen both
Mark and Yvonne
responded so well...
Yes, now the hard drive
ifyou”.
And when she put
the helmet on,
Agent Cameron...
The circuitry specs
you gave me
were magnificent.
I was able to capture
the coordinates of her
internal chip...
Hey!
You've been
very instrumental
in helping us out,
and now it's time
for your reward.
Circuitry specs for
a liquid chip technology.
Is this as good
as you say?
Mr. Nettinger,
this is so beyond
what you've done.
You can easily inject this
in someone's head,
and combined with their code,
feed them instructions
in real time.
You become
the puppet master.
Oh! (LAUGHING)
No one else has
this information?
All yours.
Gonna make you a fortune.
What about
Special Agent Cameron,
won't she try to stop me?
The information
that you've collected
on this hard drive
holds the access code
to agent Cameron's chip.
I can pull her strings now,
and let me assure you,
she won't be around
much longer to stop anyone.
You gave your employees
a banned substance with
harmful side effects.
My client has done nothing
to break the law.
So, you just scooped up
all the Torsion
you could get your hands on
as a public service?
My client found it
increased productivity
and reduced fatigue
without compromising
the quality of work.
Each employee
knew the risks,
they partook of the
substance on their own
and signed a waiver
which we can
produce in court.
I'll be sure
to tell that to Greg Moritz
and Cole Bartley's families.
Look, I may be guilty
of poorjudgment
but that's all
I'm guilty of.
Are we done yet?
Unless you're
charging my client,
this interview's over.
Go.
So the coroner said
that there was
no abnormalities
in the killers' brains
and that blood levels
from modified ephedrine
were way below anything
that could cause
psychotic behavior.
So it wasn't the Torsion.
Back to square one.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hi...
SADLER:
You forgot, didn’t you?
Yup.
|Wi|| be right there.
I'm gonna go check
with my contacts
at Section 6,
they might have
some answers.
Want me to come along?
Another time.
Hey, you know
what else contributes
to team building?
Telling your partner
what you're doing,
what you're thinking.
Found the connection
between Gabrielle Cosgrove
and both victims.
Between the victims,
not the killers?
Yeah.
Gabrielle knew
the first victim,
Greg Moritz.
He was the CEO of
a rival gaming company.
A few years ago
they were caught up
in a nasty lawsuit.
Greg came out on top.
Second victim, Cole Bartley,
used to work with Gabrielle
at a dot-com start-up
in Silicon Valley.
Seems Gabrielle was
fired for apparently
being difficult
to work with
while Bartley went
on to get promoted
several times and
make a small fortune.
Nice work!
Looks like I'm on
my way back to Tendyne.
How long is this
gonna take?
Ithake
as long as it takes.
You're in a great mood.
(WHISPERS)
That was sarcasm.
Sorry, I'm just
a little distracted here.
So you're working
on a case?
Yeah, two beta testers
both decide to kill someone
and then take
their own lives.
What's your
working theory?
Theory?
I'm a little short
on theories these days.
Although...
What?
In the future,
scientists will create
a program that produces
a pattern of
light frequencies that
controls part of the brain.
It makes the subject
suggestible, controllable.
What, like hypnotism?
Ithoughtyou
couldn't hypnotize
someone to do something
they normally wouldn't do,
like commit suicide
or murder.
Right, you can't.
But this is
way beyond hypnotism,
this is about
radically shifting
neuronal patterning.
Hijacking the mind.
Soundser
a brain/software interface.
It's kinda like what
I'm trying to do here.
Question is, could someone
in this time be doing that?
Apparently I can.
(PHONE RINGING)
Cameron.
Gabrielle Cosgrove
knew both victims,
I'm going to Tendyne.
I can meet you
in 45 minutes?
VVeH,Iguess
I'll have to start
without you.
Are we done?
Yeah, as done
as we can be
when we're operating
on the cutting edge
of pseudo-science.
Sorry.
Uh!
My HUD isn't up.
Yeah, it takes some time
for it to reboot.
How much time?
I don't know,
I've never done
this before but, uh,
your mitotic circuitry
seems to cycle itself
once every hour
so probably
no longer than that.
Okay, so once
I'm back online,
I need you to see
if you can find
any encrypted files
in Tendyne's game code,
and lock the door
when you leave,
and,oh,yeah,
no snooping, please.
Wait, um,
I should tell you...
What?
Uh, nothing,
just be safe.
Yeah?
Don't I know you?
Me? Uh, no.
No, I definitely know you.
University kitchen,
gun to your head,
happento
ring any bells?
Right, yeah.
Uh, listen,
about that...
Who are you?
I'm, uh...
lwork with Kiera.
You're Section 6?
Section 6...
She told you
about Section 6?
No, no, she doesn't
tell me anything.
Detective Carlos Fonnegra.
I, uh, I'd tell you my name
but, you know, Section 6.
Okay, I get it.
What are you doing here?
Kiera said
she needed to see me.
She brought you in
on this case?
Right, yeah.
Listen, is she inside?
No, no, I'm meeting her
at Tendyne Systems.
Of course,
Tendyne Systems.
Hey, I'll see you there.
ka .
O y Okay.
Wow, uh...
Tendyne Systems.
(PHONE RINGING)
Come on, Keira.
Okay, I'm in.
Can you control her?
Not yet.
Accessing her CMR code
must've shorted
her circuitry.
Her system's rebooting,
but in less than an hour
she'll be back online,
and then her mind is ours.
You knew both victims,
Greg Moritz,
Cole Bartley.
My client has
nothing further to say.
Of course I knew them.
The software development
world is small.
I know or have worked
with most of the players
in this field.
Cole Bartley I hadn't
given a thought to in years,
and as for Greg Moritz,
I was in the process
of buying his company.
We have documents
to back that up.
Okay, and why didn't you
mention this to us the
first time we questioned you?
The terms of the sale
were confidential.
I had advised her
not to say anything about her
association with Greg Moritz
until we knew
the fallout
from his death.
So, now that he's dead
you can just pick over his
corpse at cut-rate prices.
Now that he's dead
I'm sure the deal's off.
We were finalizing
details of the sale,
but now that he's dead,
everything's up in the air.
Check with the CFO,
he'll confirm everything.
Okay, I'll be
sure to do that.
Still doesn't
prove anything.
Tendyne had millions
to gain by this sale.
Greg's death will
put an end to that.
Believe me, losing this
deal is the last thing
I could've wanted.
Okay,
I'll check your story
and get back to you.
Thanks for
your time, ladies.
HeHo,Tendyne.
For a high-tech enterprise,
your security is
surprisingly lame.
All right, let's take
a look at these codes.
What? What are you?
No way!
Old school VR
with a brand new CP?
All right,
let's try this baby out.
Oh, my God!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Alec, are you there?
Oh, you're back online.
I was just looking
at Tendyne's game codes
and you won't believe...
Alec, my head
really hurts again.
Yeah, sorry, it should
settle down after the reboot.
Hold on, stay with me.
INGRAM: Almost there.
And we're in!
(DIALING)
Carlos.
Hey, where are you?
I thought you were
meeting me at Tendyne.
Did you talk
to Cosgrove?
Yeah, her and her lawyer.
It's a dead end,
it looks like we need
to dig a little deeper.
Okay, uh, /’/I meet you
back at the precinct.
You still there?
Is she talking to us?
Yeah, I'm still here. Um...
I was trying to tell you
that I was looking at the
beta testers' source codes
for Tendyne's new game,
there are some
pre-processor obfuscators,
somebody's deliberately
concealing executables
within the application.
Someone is hiding code
within the code.
Who is she talking to?
I don't know
but she's using
her bio-upgrade comps.
Could another protector
have gotten through?
Run a trace, find out.
I was able to parse it
and then when I looked at it,
I completely blanked out.
Next thing I know,
27 minutes went by.
It's like you said,
my mind was
completely hijacked.
So Gabrielle Cosgrove
did intend to kill
Bartley and Moritz?
No, it's not Cosgrove.
My money is on whoever
wrote the code.
Cosgrove is just
the businessperson.
Let me guess
who wrote the code.
Fred Nettinger.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hey, what's up?
Change of plans.
We go back to Tendyne...
I think it was Nettinger.
They know
about Nettinger.
He's become a liability.
Did your contacts
at Section 6
tell you that?
KIERA: I’ll explain
everything when / see you.
Stop her.
You said you had her
under your control.
She's still spooling
through reboot.
A few more minutes.
I have a message
for Agent Cameron.
Ifyou could just...
I'm sorry,
if you don't have any ID...
Mr. Nettinger!
Excuse me...
Yes.
Just the man
I wanted to see.
Brad Anderson from
In Code magazine.
We're thinking about doing
a feature article on you.
I was wondering
if I could have
a few moments of your time.
Okay, so what's the plan?
They've figured out
how to brainwash people
that play their game.
We need to find Nettinger
and the program files.
And I'm in.
CARLOS: You okay?
KIERA: Yeah.
It's...
It's just a headache,
Hilpass.
Have her eliminate
Mr. Nettinger,
then her partner
and then herself.
Kiera?
(BEEPING)
Whoa, whoa, whoa,
what's going on here?
Kiera?
We need to talk
to Nettinger.
Uh,yeah.
That's kinda the plan.
Shall we?
Kiera?
Kiera, can you hear me?
Kiera!
Oh, no, this is bad.
This is really bad.
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
What the hell?
Get out of here!
(GUN FIRES)
MAN: Get down!
Get over here!
You're being hacked.
(ALARM SOUNDING)
So am I...
No,no,no!
(GRUNTING)
What are you doing?
Is this you or them?
Controlling her!
I know about your deal,
is this you or them?
No, this isn't me.
I'm not the one doing it.
Can you deprogram her?
I gave the codes away,
I sold them.
I have no idea
how to stop her.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Ah!
Damn it!
What is he doing there?
You got me.
Interrupt the subprogram,
introduce
the disruption factor...
I've lost her!
How?
Someone else is
connecting to her
and rewriting her code.
(SIGHS WITH RELIEF)
Got her back.
Target the partner
and have her kill herself.
Oh, come on! Come on!
KELLOG: Kiera...
Come on!
Listen to me...
Hey.
Listen to me.
Damn it!
Don't do this.
Shoot him!
He can't hack her
if I turn her off.
Oh, God.
I've lost her!
Who da man?
I'm the man!
Yeah! Uh! Uh! Uh!
Are you okay?
Are you done?
Whatjust happened?
Nice job.
How do you
explain this?
Whoever is accessing her
has advanced coding skills.
It's like he was
anticipating my every
move before I did it.
More advanced than you?
Which is impossible,
especially in this time.
There is one person...
Well, yes, but he is just...
Just a kid.
That is the only
logical explanation.
So Nettinger confessed
to writing a code
that creates
a visual wave pattern.
It, uh, brainwashes a person
so that they kill somebody
and then commit suicide.
Must've been what
happened to you, right?
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, my question is
when were you exposed
to the pattern?
Was it, uh,
when you were playing
that game with Betty?
It must've been.
Okay, I'm gonna have
Betty checked out also,
just as a precaution.
What about Cole Bartley,
Greg Moritz?
Well, Nettinger believed
that killing them
would throw the suspicion
for the murders on Cosgrove.
Two birds with one stone.
Gets to test out his software
and take out the woman
standing in the way
of his advancement.
Clever.
Yeah, your, uh, friend
had the same assessment.
My friend?
Yeah, your buddy
from Section 6.
He was there
at Tendyne.
Right.
And if it wasn't for him,
you would've put
a bullet in me.
About that...
Carlos, I don't
remember anything.
Kiera, listen,
forget about it.
Despite what you want
people to believe,
I know you're only human.
Besides, I know
you were brainwashed
like Mark and Yvonne.
That reminds me, uh,
Dillon wants you
to get checked out
by a specialist.
I knowjust the person.
Okay, good.
And when you do
see your buddy...
Tell him that
I owe him my life, huh?
You might wanna
say thanks also.
Go home,
get some sleep.
(PHONE RINGING)
Alec.
Hey, you all right?
Yeah.
I think I need
another reboot.
Yeah, and then I'm gonna
beef up your firewall
so nobody can
hack you again.
Can we do it tomorrow?
Yeah, sure,
you must be tired.
That's an understatement.
Hey, Kiera...
Yeah?
When I was going
through your diagnostics,
I found a hidden file.
Did you open it?
It was full of
old memory traces,
stuff that you thought
you've deleted
but is still there.
I'd be curious to
see what you find.
Or it could just be
broken code.
Yeah, I know.
Fill me in tomorrow, okay?
Yeah, sure.
Good night, Alec.
Good night.
SLOW SONG PLAYING)